Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Love Between Lines]
[Episode 2]
♪ What identity do you use to step into and out of that role? ♪
♪ Reality and fantasy
are parallel and intertwined ♪
♪ Love. characters. and relationships ♪
Everyone. welcome to Rongcheng.
The blizzard has blocked the roads.
♪ Like a multi-faceted gem. passionate on every page ♪
Distinguished guests.
you'll need to stay in Rongcheng for now.
♪ Time and space are intertwined;
and it's still you ♪
♪ Love brings our fates together ♪
[15 minutes earlier]
♪ You made me break my sudden promise ♪
♪ Amid the sparks. two hearts slowly draw closer ♪
This is exactly what I needed.
Anna.
financial adviser at Site M.
Your mission in Rongcheng
is to help Qin Xiaoyi
become Rongcheng's new mayor
and earn his trust.
You have to beat everyone else.
Convince Qin Xiaoyi
to sign the policy agreement.
However.
you have a secret past.
A few years ago.
Ning Zechen saved you.
To repay him.
your real mission
is to help Ning Zechen become mayor.
The Rouge box
is your ID token.
He'll provide evidence
to frame Qin Xiaoyi.
♪ Healing each other ♪
But above all. your identity
must not be discovered by Qin Xiaoyi.
Please proceed with caution.
Let's go.
Who are you?
Let's talk. Chief Ning.
So it really is you. Anna.
It's been a long time. Chief Ning.
That's all in the past.
I'm surprised you still have it.
Anna.
have you been doing well abroad
all these years?
Do we really have to do this reunion routine?
I've been fine.
It's been ten years since we split up.
On life's journey.
we'll meet again.
Oh. please!
Why are you reciting poetry now?
Let the past stay in the past.
W-What do you mean?
It means
"Move on from the past."
Hurry up and bring me proof
to pin it on Qin Xiaoyi.
Only then can we move forward together.
Fine. Stop talking and hand it over.
And give me a handgun too.
Nothing else. okay?
Money.
You're robbing me.
Ms. Anna.
I trust you.
but if General Qin finds out about this.
as police chief. I can't...
Understood.
[President's Office]
Come in.
I thought I'd acted too quickly.
Which side are you on?
You came here to steal things.
I came here to plant flowers.
Same objective.
What are you talking about?
We're each doing our own job.
Understand?
Listen.
Don't tell anyone you saw us.
Okay.
What?
Is Qin Xiaoyi coming?
Then let's go. Now.
Okay. okay.
Hey...
Is it really okay to take the phone?
Look.
It's just a game.
Don't take it so seriously.
Let's go.
Go!
Stop!
What?
Let her go!
I...
After them!
General Qin.
don't you know how to protect your own things?
Someone broke into your office
to steal your files.
I tried to help.
but was that my decision to make?
I understand.
You've worked very hard.
Thank you.
No. I can handle it myself.
Of course.
You two.
go check my office.
See if anything's missing.
Or
if anything new has appeared.
Yes. sir.
Sir.
one document is missing.
but
nothing new has appeared.
The office is a complete mess.
He'll definitely tidy it up later.
If I hide something here now.
it'll be found right away.
Not only would I fail to trap him.
I'd become the suspect.
Not bad.
You just dodged a bullet.
General Qin.
I don't understand what you're saying.
I'd like to invite you
inside.
Please. have a seat.
Weren't your files stolen?
Why didn't you chase them?
There are...
no important documents here worth stealing.
Everything's hidden somewhere else.
So many schemes.
I have to admire your brains.
Then why are you here?
I'm Site M's financial adviser.
I'm here to discuss an alliance with you.
As long as
you sign this contract...
Once you sign...
and the agreement is returned to M.
the promised funds will be transferred immediately.
General Qin. I know
you want to be mayor.
I can help you.
I get what you're saying.
but if you want me to sign this contract.
you have to show me your sincerity.
What kind of sincerity?
Is this still about that formula?
Wait!
General Qin.
I know what you want.
Tonight at 10.
meet me in the ballroom.
Everything's ready.
You just need one last push.
General Qin.
I'll give you
that final push.
It's like every scheme
was planned in advance.
Last time I got the formula here too.
Fine. I need... it.
Stop. stop. stop!
Stop!
What are you doing?
I'm stealing a letter from you!
General Qin.
may I have the honor of this dance?
Sorry.
Looks like I brought you
the wrong proof of sincerity.
Ms. Anna.
This
contains the formula for making weapons.
Before Sun Jiaying could get it.
I intercepted it.
General Qin.
are you satisfied now?
Just like we agreed.
I'm showing you my sincerity.
Now sign the contract with me.
It seems you have
some misunderstandings about me.
I don't
negotiate.
Fine. That's a shame.
General Qin.
have you made your decision?
General Qin. I'll take my leave.
Take her away.
Qin Xiaoyi. you broke your promise!
You...
Have I ever promised you anything?
I know
there are spies around me planted by others.
Hey.
if you don't trust me.
why ask me for the formula?
In war. anything goes.
Besides.
what have you ever given me?
Maybe it wasn't even the real formula?
[Revenge is only human]
To trap me in your net.
you've really tried hard.
What a pity.
General Qin...
General Qin!
I...
General Qin...
If you kill me now.
you'll never get the formula.
You said it yourself.
You only focus on what you want.
Now.
I'm the only one who knows where it is.
So what do you want?
I want to live.
So you're not a gentleman anymore?
I can't do this alone now.
can I?
Eleven o'clock.
Rongda Casino.
This will be your last chance.
Wait.
No.
He's already impatient.
What if we wait?
If we irritate him.
will he just leave?
Ms. Anna.
please come with me.
It's over.
Sun Jiaying works for him.
He's here to settle the score with me.
Sorry.
Ms. Anna.
If you hand over the formula.
maybe I can save your life.
Chief Feng. you've misunderstood.
You should know
I don't have anything like that.
Ms. Anna.
I know you want to side with Qin Xiaoyi.
but he's paranoid.
He has plenty of accomplices.
You mean nothing to him.
Ms. Anna.
Since you refuse to hand over the formula...
Hang her.
[Economic Cooperation Agreement]
-Big!
-Small!
Again!
I still can't win.
So what do you want?
I want to live.
So you're not a gentleman anymore?
I can't do this alone now.
can I?
Ms. Anna.
tell me—
the formula is still with you.
And Feng Yujin hasn't taken it.
Of course.
Why did you drop those candied hawthorns?
Were you that sure I'd come save you?
General Qin.
I wouldn't dare bet on that.
I dropped the hawthorns.
Just to let you know.
That I went to the casino
without breaking my promise.
Did you really have to waste that many hawthorns?
Just to prove you went to the casino?
Ms. Anna.
give me the formula.
I'll assume you're keeping your word.
Don't worry.
I'll take you to get it right now.
After I got the formula.
I hid it
under the container next to the post office.
The most dangerous place
is the safest place.
Right.
They must've followed us here.
We need to leave. now.
General Qin.
please give me the formula.
I found a document.
but it wasn't the one
with your name on it.
Seems like what you want
is more than just a simple document.
Since you refuse to hand over the formula...
Hang her.
Wait!
Chief Feng.
I can ally with anyone.
but the only person I want to defeat
is Qin Xiaoyi.
He knows I have the formula.
He'll definitely come looking for me.
I'll lead him to the formula.
If you want to know where it's hidden.
you know what you need to do.
Interesting.
Ms. Anna.
well done.
I was at the end of my rope.
Won't you let me find a way
out of this mess?
Finding a way out of a dead end.
Good guts.
I miscalculated.
But the game isn't over yet.
In today's match. I hope
you'll be the one laughing last.
I will.
When the mayoral election comes.
I'll invite you to sit in the audience
and watch closely.
Who the real final winner is.
♪ Thinking of you ♪
Take him away.
♪ Caring about you ♪
♪ Good night to you ♪
♪ For you all night long ♪
♪ Thinking of you ♪
♪ Caring about you ♪
Ning Zechen and his team
won the final victory!
♪ Good night to you ♪
♪ For you all night long ♪
♪ Thinking of you ♪
♪ Caring about you ♪
♪ Good night to you ♪
♪ For you all night long ♪
Where is he?
♪ Thinking of you ♪
♪ For you all night long ♪
Today is Members' Day.
Free water.
Help yourselves.
Remember to replenish electrolytes
after your workout.
What's this for?
This?
It's for you. Send a message
to your favorite NPC.
Even though we don't recommend
players and NPCs
having too much contact outside the game.
you can use this method
to show your support and love.
So I can only show support and love?
Writing negative comments here
is inappropriate. right?
Thanks.
[A fox can't be the winner here. -Anna]
[Mr. Su]
Mr. Su.
Why did you suddenly cancel my leave?
Do we have a new client?
It's not a new client.
We have
a new team member joining us.
Come here. Shuaishuai.
Shuaishuai.
Come here.
I've noticed you seem pretty free every day.
Take him to the pet salon this afternoon.
Come on. come on.
Okay.
Mr. Su.
I joined this company right after graduation.
I originally wanted to be an architect.
You said you needed
an assistant who understands architecture.
so you asked me to fill in temporarily.
You said you'd transfer me
to the design department later.
That's right.
It's been three years.
What about that transfer?
Huh.
That's not the right way to put it.
I've already transferred you.
Think about it.
You were an assistant.
Now?
You're the general manager's assistant.
Right?
Isn't that right?
Huh.
The company
doesn't have many projects right now.
We don't need designers right now.
Just wait until we land it.
Another big client later this year—
"Once we bring in a few more big clients this year.
I'll definitely transfer you."
"Young people shouldn't be so impatient.
or you'll end up at a disadvantage."
What are you trying to say?
Nothing.
As your assistant.
I'll keep in mind
everything you say.
I'm heading out.
I was at the end of my rope.
Won't you let me find a way out
of this mess?
In today's match. I hope
you'll be the one laughing last.
Mr. Su.
Now what?
I'm quitting.
Quitting?
Before I go. I'm warning you:
you'd better not drink that coffee.
Last month.
several people in our department said
when they cleaned the coffee machine.
they found dead cockroaches.
How many were there?
Two or three?
Huh—why didn't you tell me earlier?
I think there were four. Mr. Su!
Zhao.
I was using it to mess with my boss...
No. my former boss.
Why do you actually believe that?
Hu Xiu. how did I not notice?
Are you seriously crazy?
Crazy?
I really like that title.
Thanks for the compliment.
So you decided to quit without lining up another job?
You don't have any backup plan.
It'd be much better to find a new job
before quitting.
Zhao.
Do you know what happens to people
who keep looking for the best options
with bad options on the table?
They spend their whole lives
without ever realizing the 'bad option'.
So.
I need to push myself.
Start over.
Start over?
I still want to be an architect.
Are you sure?
Then I support you.
With all my heart.
You're really strong.
And you're really weak.
Who's that?
Don't look.
A murder mystery game?
There's another session in half an hour.
Going again? Didn't you win last time?
Last time the fox didn't look at it.
It wasn't a perfect win.
I'm leaving.
A fox?
Is that a new character?
This way.
♪ Life draws the shape of my scenes ♪
It's beautiful.
♪ The final act
a solo in a dream ♪
♪ Next. I drift through
the city's noise ♪
♪ So many arrivals that became nothing ♪
♪ I'm counting the ticks of the clock ♪
♪ I don't know where to get off or turn back ♪
♪ Until you walk toward me ♪
Welcome. everyone!
To Rongcheng.
[Team B Warrior Commander Qin Xiaoyi]
Rongcheng's current situation
is very complicated.
Chief Feng
has already established cooperation with Pavlovich.
Director Lin has Mr. Kobayashi's support.
Anna.
today.
if we can reach an agreement
and I get support from M headquarters.
then I
will definitely lead you
to final victory.
Anna!
This Qin Xiaoyi is so over-the-top.
Ms. Anna.
Sorry.
I'll think about
this cooperation a little more.
Anna. Anna!
I don't think you understand what I'm saying.
If you have any concerns.
don't hesitate to speak up.
We'll win.
Trust me.
This contract...
you can take it.
But. General Qin.
you being so eager
only makes me doubt your abilities.
If you want me to sign this contract.
you have to show me your sincerity.
Wait a second.
I don't understand what you're saying.
What kind of sincerity
are you looking for?
How many candied hawthorns
do I have to eat
to make 600 yuan worth it?
Let me go!
I've been framed! I've been framed!
Anna.
I'm really disappointed in you!
Anna!
Same here.
Hello.
How did today's Qin Xiaoyi show up?
Was he different from before?
We have two actor groups. A and B.
They rotate.
I see.
Do you have schedules for both groups?
Yes.
but the actor you want to see
is our special guest performer.
His schedule isn't fixed.
I don't know the details either.
Take care.
These aren't the same messages as before.
That makes sense.
If we don't delete them. we'll run out of space.
Can it read my mind?
Does anyone know Qin Xiaoyi's real name?
All the other NPC actors
created social media accounts.
He's the only one who stays mysterious.
He's not even on the official cast list.
I have a friend who works there.
Even he couldn't find any info.
They say he doesn't like public attention.
He's just an NPC actor.
It's not like he's some huge celebrity.
Why does he have to be so mysterious?
Maybe it's a marketing tactic.
Tactic or not.
the other actor really isn't that good.
Honestly.
he's not that great.
Mr. Gong.
I need to tell you something.
Group A's Qin Xiaoyi
hasn't been coming these days.
Today there was even a player
who specifically asked about his sessions.
Okay. got it.
Hello. sir.
Do you have a reservation?
Yes.
I'm waiting for a friend.
Mr. Xiao.
My friend.
This way. please.
Have you been really busy lately?
I've been looking for apartments everywhere.
No wonder you said you haven't been to the club.
If you're looking for apartments. just wait.
You can have your agent handle it.
Why are you going in person?
Renting there is a bit special.
There are lots of shared places.
Landlords want to meet tenants
before renting to them.
What's wrong?
I know you're busy.
You can come to the club anytime.
That's not it...
An employee called me.
He said there was a player today.
Who specifically asked about Qin Xiaoyi?
And the schedules for Groups A and B.
Sounds like they came for you.
I'll mention it.
But Xiao. don't worry.
When we first opened this club.
we agreed on everything.
It won't affect your work.
Your schedule and information
are completely confidential.
You won't have any personal contact with players.
Don't worry.
Take a good look.
Who the real final winner is.
[Qin Xiaoyi]
There's no problem.
Okay. okay.
It's a little farther ahead.
This way.
Grandma Chen.
Grandma Chen!
I brought a client to see the apartment.
Sorry.
Come in.
Thank you.
Here. watch your step.
It's fine.
It's okay.
The path's uneven. Go slowly.
Okay. don't worry.
Don't worry about me.
Just hold onto your things.
Are you here to see Xiu?
You're back?
Yes. yes.
Careful.
Where should I put this?
Young man.
how long are you planning to rent for?
I haven't decided yet.
so I'd like to rent month-to-month.
Take your time.
...
Ex-father-in-law.
Don't call us that.
We don't deserve that title.
Is Xiu not here?
So you're living in this house now?
This is all my family's property!
Why should an outsider living here care?
I'm just asking if she's here.
Why are you yelling?
Don't worry.
Living here is very comfortable.
All the neighbors have been here for years.
Everyone gets along well.
First. grab that irresponsible son.
Make him come back to Shanghai
and apologize in person.
What do you mean 'irresponsible'?
What happened to my son?
Is breaking up irresponsible?
These days people date.
break up all the time. right?
What was he doing before?
Did he have to do this now?
Now he hasn't come back at all.
What kind of man is that?
Okay. okay.
Lower your voice.
The neighbors are watching.
Okay.
in general.
soundproofing is pretty effective. right?
That's Mr. Hu's daughter.
She was planning to get married.
but for some reason.
the groom ran off on the engagement day.
If you ask me.
she's right to yell at him.
Well. Grandma.
this is a special situation. isn't it?
It's not usually this loud.
It's not normally like this.
Your son called off the engagement!
And you have the nerve to come
to our house asking for answers?
Do you want the first-meeting gift back?
I've never seen anything like this.
Let's break up peacefully.
Split up like adults.
What's wrong?
You want to settle the accounts clearly?
Or do you want everyone to decide
who's right?
Hey!
Mom. Dad.
Xiu. you're here.
Don't get angry.
Go inside.
I'll talk to her.
Calm down.
Getting angry is bad for your health.
Go inside. now.
Auntie.
if you want the first-meeting gift money back.
fine.
But as I remember.
when my parents first met Zhang Kran.
they gave him a gift too.
Based on what you gave us.
both sides are even.
yet today you're asking for money.
What's the logic in that?
Kran took it.
It never even passed through my hands.
What about the engagement banquet?
Don't argue about that.
My parents renovated the place.
You didn't even mention the costs—fine.
But you immediately added
an extra table for your relatives.
And you still have the nerve to ask her for money?
Exactly.
You look
even more pathetic than I do—
the one who got dumped.
I have nothing to do with your son.
Not for the rest of my life.
But you and that kind of person
will be tied together forever.
Auntie.
this is the last time I'll see you.
If you're looking for a short-term rental.
it is a bit of a hassle.
As soon as I hear back from Grandma Chen.
I'll let you know right away.
Okay.
Please move.
Xiu!
Coming.
Oh. please.
Control your temper. will you?
Xiu lives here.
If you make a scene everywhere.
how can she keep living here?
Exactly.
Mom. Dad.
Sorry.
This is all my fault.
That's not true.
How could it be your fault?
It's like walking down the street
and stepping in dog poop someone left behind.
You can't blame yourself for bad luck.
We're eating here.
Okay. I'll stop talking.
Here.
Have some soup.
Come. sit.
You need to go back to work now.
You can't stay home on vacation forever.
That's not right.
Besides.
no matter what.
your current job is stable.
We'll find you someone even better later.
He'll definitely be better than that Zhang boy.
Right?
Dad.
actually. I already...
What's wrong?
That hurts.
I think it'll rain in a couple of days.
What did you say?
What's wrong?
I've decided.
I'm fine. I'll work hard.
I walked my parents out.
My mom brought you some side dishes.
Thank her for me.
I think they'll be at ease now.
Did you tell them?
About your job?
It's fine.
Once I find a new job in a few days.
they won't say anything.
I have to go to the park managers' meeting tonight.
Let's talk later.
♪ I watched a tram run at sunset ♪
♪ Like walking through a pause in summer ♪
Recalculate the distance of the glass wall.
Send me the 3D model tomorrow.
♪ At this moment. the sunset is gentle ♪
♪ I look up and press the shutter ♪
♪ I take a piece of your city as a memory ♪
Mr. Xiao.
The technical director is over there.
Follow me.
♪ I hurry off. leaving a snapshot of the dusk behind ♪
♪ Talking about random topics ♪
♪ Waiting for the traffic light at dusk ♪
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-